Colorising and fixing up the trust script pages (#417)
comcode-org/hackmud_wiki: docs/scripting/trust_scripts/users.config.mdx

#### list

The '((%Nlist%))' argument displays the possible parameters and syntax.

#### avatar

The '((%Navatar%))' argument takes a string from a list of possible avatars.

#### user_age

The '((%Nuser_age%))' takes a boolean and toggles displaying user age in the YYMMDD.HHMM format.

#### account_age

The '((%Naccount_age%))' argument takes a boolean and toggles displaying account age in the YYMMDD.HHMM format.

#### bio

The '((%Nbio%))' argument takes a string.

#### title

The '((%Ntitle%))' argument takes a string from a list of possible titles.

#### pronouns

The '((%Npronouns%))' argument takes a string.

#### corp

The '((%Ncorp%))' argument takes a boolean and toggles displaying corp membership.

#### is_main

The '((%Nis_main%))' argument takes a boolean and toggles displaying that this user is a main user.

#### alt_of

> The '((%Nalt_of%))' argument takes a boolean and toggles displaying name of main user this is an alt of.

Reviewer: Possibly separate PR-worthy, but this is incorrect. It should read:
```suggestion
The '((%Nalt_of%))' argument takes a string specifying which main user this is an alt of. The named user must have ((%Nis_main%)) set to ((%Vtrue%)).
```
(feel free to move and/or copy-edit)
